Added documentation for the electra smart integration (#24281)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/electrasmart.markdown

---

> title: SwitchBee

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Electra Smart
```

description: Instructions for how to integrate Electra Air Conditioners within Home Assistant.
ha_category:
  - Climate

> ha_release: 2022.11

Reviewer 2: This seems to be incorrect? This is released in the past?

CC @jafar-atili @thecode

Reviewer: I had this in mind that we need to fix it before release and forgot. @jafar-atili is on a short vacation, I'll address the comments in a new PR

ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - '@jafar-atili'
ha_domain: electrasmart
ha_platforms:
  - climate

> 

Reviewer 2: Stray newline

ha_integration_type: integration
---

> [Electra Air](https://www.electra-air.co.il), is a company which manufactures and sell Air Conditioners.

Reviewer 2: Typo: `sell` -> `sells`

> In order to setup this integration, you must have access to the phone number used to register in the Electra Smart mobile app.

Reviewer 2: - Suggestion: `In order to` can be written simpler to as `To`
- Typo: `setup` -> `set up`

> In order to setup this integration, you must have access to the phone number used and registered in the Electra Smart mobile app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to setup this integration, you must have access to the phone number used to register in the Electra Smart mobile app.
```
